Q) In your own words, what is a computer really doing whenever you type a letter on a keyboard?
A) Computer will convert the words/letter written through the keyboard into a computer understandable language which is called machine language.

Q) In your own words, how do computers use input and output to create experiences? (250 words max)
A) We give the computer some kind of input and the computer gives us the result which is the processed output. For example when you scan a barcode of any item you get instant results which is the output.

Q) Explain why software products are essentially “infinitely reproducible nothings.” (150 words max)
Software products only require you to code one time. Once they are coded it can be used again and again. That's why the term infinitely reproducible nothings are used. 

Q) Explain in your own words how code becomes software. (150 words max)
A) Software is basically merging different small programs/codes into one big program. 

Q) Explain “algorithms” in your own words. (150 words max)
A) Algorithms are basically set of instructions that will be executed to perform a specific task or tasks.

Q) Explain the DRY principle.
A) DRY means Dont repeat yourself. Write a code that can be reused again and again.

Q) In your own words, what is object-oriented programming? (100 words max)
A) OOP is used to bind together the data and the functions.

Q) In your own words explain data and how it relates to code. (100 Words max)
A) Code is linked with data i.e produces its own data or uses the data for results.

Q) What is a framework? (150 words max)
A) Basically framework is a pre-written code, It has chunks of code that can be reused to write your own code.

Q) What is debugging? (150 words max)
A) Debugging is finding out the failure and problems in the code. Most of a programmer's life is spent in debugging.

Q) Now, with more of an understanding of what code is, why do you want to learn how to code?
(500 words max)
A) Some of the reasons why I want to learn to code are below,
1) I want to learn to code so that I can create new application and websites.
2) Use the knowledge of programing to add more features to already developed software.
3) Convert ideas into software that can help people.
4) It teaches you how to think.
5) Solve problems.
